# Grad_Projects
Projects and PSETs from Econ Master's at UChicago

`Mufit_IO_pset1_comp`: I took Advanced Industrial Organization during the winter. It was a computationally intensive class. I've uploaded a part of first PSET which was a collaborative effort between me and Eric Karsten replicating the algorithm of BLP 1995 (https://www.jstor.org/stable/2171802?seq=1#metadata_info_tab_contents) in R and python. BLP 1995 was the first paper that empirically determined the market structure of a differentiated produc market. Instead of using `pyblp` package in python we replicated the whole process ourselves, including the matrix inversion (Berry Inversion). 

`Firm_Dynamics_Proposal_Atalay`: I took Firm Dynamics and Economic Growth. I've uploaded the final research proposal project for that class. I attempted to calculate the sectoral distance between acquiring and acquiree firms in the start-up/tech space using R and acquisition data from Crunchbase. I first calculated how often different sector-labels occur together and then calculated the distance between firms by taking an average of the common sector-label occurences between any two firm.

`Morocco_report_final`: In Spring Quarter I took Economic Development from Harris School of Public Policy. Although it is not very computationally intensive, it does feature some coding output and examples of visualization in R. We developed a economic growth policy for Morocco for the next 5 years and identified sectors for possible expansion using basic econometrics and more advanced visualiztion in R using `ggplot2`, some of it cna be found in `Dev_Econ_Pset2.R` 
